Add docs for `HTMLLinkElement.integrity` and `HTMLScriptElement.integrity` (#33355)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/htmllinkelement/integrity/index.md

---
title: "HTMLLinkElement: integrity property"
short-title: integrity
slug: Web/API/HTMLLinkElement/integrity
page-type: web-api-instance-property
browser-compat: api.HTMLLinkElement.integrity
---

{{APIRef("HTML DOM")}}

> The **`integrity`** property of the {{domxref("HTMLLinkElement")}} interface is a string that reflects the inline metadata that user agent can use to verify that a fetched resource has been delivered free of unexpected manipulation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`integrity`** property of the {{domxref("HTMLLinkElement")}} interface is a string that reflects the inline metadata that a user agent can use to verify that a fetched resource has been delivered free of unexpected manipulation.
```

> The **`integrity`** property of the {{domxref("HTMLLinkElement")}} interface is a string that reflects the inline metadata that a user agent can use to verify that a fetched resource has been delivered free of unexpected manipulation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **`integrity`** property of the {{domxref("HTMLLinkElement")}} interface is a string containing inline metadata that a browser can use to verify that a fetched resource has been delivered without unexpected manipulation.
```
